Governance Polls 2025-03-10 (#2860)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/Spark Protocol Mainnet - Onboard July USDe PT onto Morpho Spark DAI Vault - March 10, 2025.md

---
title: Spark Protocol Mainnet - Onboard July USDe PT onto Morpho Spark DAI Vault - March 10, 2025
summary: Signal your support or opposition to onboarding July USDe PT onto the Morpho Spark DAI Vault.
discussion_link: https://forum.sky.money/t/march-20-2025-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell/26113
parameters:
    input_format: single-choice
    victory_conditions:
        - { type : plurality }
    result_display: single-vote-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2025-03-10T16:00:00
end_date: 2025-03-13T16:00:00
---

> # Poll: park Protocol Mainnet - Onboard July USDe PT onto Morpho Spark DAI Vault - March 10, 2025

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Poll: Spark Protocol Mainnet - Onboard July USDe PT onto Morpho Spark DAI Vault - March 10, 2025
```

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of the Stability Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.1.9.1_Operational_Weekly_Cycle-b189fa17-57a9-4d4e-9780-0ce4efd94211%7C0db30308) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, March 10 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is a binary vote.**

- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

> The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to onboarding May eUSDe PT onto the Morpho Spark DAI Vault with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to onboarding July USDe PT onto the Morpho Spark DAI Vault with the following parameters:
```
